problem statement: Write a program to develop a console-based python that acts as an effective shopping assistance.This program should allow the user to view the products available in the shop, add the products required by the user in their respective shopping carts,to allow theuser to know the amount of calorie present in the product, to know the total price of all the products that are present in the user’s shopping cart.
scope of the project: The scope of the project involves developing a system that ensures the user's shopping experience through a set of well defined function, features and outcomes. The AI provides a user-friendly environment for the user to shop efficiently and effectively. The instructions are simplified and made so that it will guide the user throughout the process. The system allows the user to enter their own choice according to their preference. The data inputted by the user is stored in the system so the system can call the respective function according the user’s choice and the function is performed as per the user’s wish.
Target users: Open to all and can be used by everyone.
high-level features: Utilizing AI and data analytics to understand user behavior, preferences, and purchase history to provide tailored product recommendations and content, much like a human sales associate. Providing instant, 24/7 assistance through various channels (website, mobile app, social media, voice assistants) via AI-powered chatbots and virtual assistants that can answer FAQs, track orders, and offer advice.
